[rundeck-admin](../../index.html)
# project-replicate 

Replicate the project(s) from one rundeck to another.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun rundeck-admin:project-replicate --url <> --to-url <> --project <> --user <> --password <>

### OPTIONS

* [    --url <>: rundeck server url.](../../options/url/index.html)
* [    --to-url <>: target rundeck instance.](../../options/to-url/index.html)
* [    --project <>: the project name.](../../options/project/index.html)
* [    --user <>: the login user name.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --password <>: the login password.](../../options/password/index.html)

## README

Use *project-replicate* to replicate a project from one
rundeck to another one. Project replication is done by exporting
a project to an archive and then importing the archive to
another Rundeck instance.
If the project does not exist on the target rundeck,
it will be automatically created for you.

+ *Warning*: Projects automatically created in the target rundeck do
not contain project configuration you might need. This might
be resource model setup, aclpolicy or plugin configurations.

+ *Note*: This command is not meant as a tool to synchronize
two rundecks in real time. If more instantaneous replication
is needed consider setting up a database like mysql and 
use database replication.

Examples:
---------

**Replicate one project**

Replicate a project named 'qa1' from an instance "rundeck1" to 
a target instance on "rundeck2":

    rerun rundeck-admin: project-replicate --project 'qa1' \
        --url http://rundeck1:4440 \
        --to-url http://rundeck2:4440 \
        --user admin --password admin

**Replicate multiple projects**

Multiple projects can be specified by using a regex pattern.
Imagine a rundeck that has 5 projects, [qa1 qa2 prod2 stage1 stage2],
and you want to replicate just the projects that begin with the
characters "qa". Below `qa[12]` is used to match both qa1 and qa2:

    rerun rundeck-admin: project-replicate --project 'qa[12]' \
        --url http://rundeck1:4440 \
        --to-url http://rundeck2:4440 \
        --user admin --password admin

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m rundeck-admin -p project-replicate

*Test plan sources*



## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the rundeck-admin:project-replicate command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m rundeck-admin -c project-replicate

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/project-replicate/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = project-replicate
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Replicate the project(s) from one rundeck to another."
* `OPTIONS` = "url to-url project user password"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Mon Jun  3 11:01:11 PDT 2013*

