[rundeck-admin](../../index.html)
# project-remove 

Remove a project.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun rundeck-admin:project-remove --project <> --url <$RUNDECK_URL> --user <$RUNDECK_USER> --password <$RUNDECK_PASSWORD>

### OPTIONS

* [    --project <>: the project name.](../../options/project/index.html)
* [    --url <$RUNDECK_URL>: rundeck server url.](../../options/url/index.html)
* [    --user <$RUNDECK_USER>: the login user name.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --password <$RUNDECK_PASSWORD>: the login password.](../../options/password/index.html)

## README

Use **project-remove** to remove a project in the specified rundeck.

*Note*: You must be on the rundeck server to run this command. It cannot be run remotely. The command requires the `RDECK_BASE` environment variable set correctly to the location of the Rundeck installation.

Examples
--------

Remove a project called "qa1":

    rerun rundeck-admin:project-remove --project qa1 \
        --url http://rundeck1:4440 \
        --user admin --password admin

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m rundeck-admin -p project-remove

*Test plan sources*

* [project-remove-1](../../tests/project-remove-1.html)
  * it fails if RDECK BASE unset
  * it removes a projects

## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the rundeck-admin:project-remove command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m rundeck-admin -c project-remove

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/project-remove/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = project-remove
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Remove a project."
* `OPTIONS` = "project url user password"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Wed May 14 15:58:07 PDT 2014*

