[rundeck-admin](../../index.html)
# schedule-takeover 

Claim all scheduled jobs from another cluster server.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun rundeck-admin:schedule-takeover --uuid <> --user <> --url <> --password <>

### OPTIONS

* [    --uuid <>: the cluster server uuid.](../../options/uuid/index.html)
* [    --user <>: the login user name.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --url <>: rundeck server url.](../../options/url/index.html)
* [    --password <>: the login password.](../../options/password/index.html)

## README


Use **schedule-takeover** to tell a Rundeck server in 
cluster mode to claim all scheduled jobs from another cluster server.
This configuration is relevant if you have more than one rundeck
sharing a database and hence each rundeck sees the same job definitions.
The rundeck server where you load the jobs will be the server that executes
any scheduled job runs as that servers server UUID is stored with the job. 

INCUBATOR STATUS: This command may change, go away, or turn into something else.

Example
-------

The UUID option specifies the rundeck server from which you want to takeover scheduling jobs.
You can obtain the server uuid from the framework.properties file:

    rundeck1 $ awk -F= '/rundeck.server.uuid/ {print $2}' /etc/rundeck/framework.properties

You should get back one line of output containing the UUID value:    
    
    1d9b13c5-782f-408b-999f-50451d4c5daf

Tell rundeck2 to takeover all jobs managed by rundeck1, using its UUID:

    rundeck2 $ rerun rundeck-admin:schedule-takeover --user admin --password --admin
        --url http://rundeck2:4440 --uuid 1d9b13c5-782f-408b-999f-50451d4c5daf
        
Output will show how many job schedules were taken over:

    Took over schedule for 2 jobs.
        
It is safe to run the command again.

    rundeck2 $ !!

No other jobs to take over.

    Took over schedule for 0 jobs.

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m rundeck-admin -p schedule-takeover

*Test plan sources*

* [schedule-takeover-1](../../tests/schedule-takeover-1.html)
  * it takes over bogus

## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the rundeck-admin:schedule-takeover command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m rundeck-admin -c schedule-takeover

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/schedule-takeover/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = schedule-takeover
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Claim all scheduled jobs from another cluster server."
* `OPTIONS` = "uuid user url password"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Thu May  8 13:59:44 PDT 2014*

