[rundeck-admin](../../index.html)
# ssh-copy-id 

Copy an SSH key to another server.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun rundeck-admin:ssh-copy-id --user <> --password <> --keyfile <> --hostname <>

### OPTIONS

* [    --user <>: the login user name.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --password <>: the login password.](../../options/password/index.html)
* [    --keyfile <>: path to ssh key file.](../../options/keypath/index.html)
* [    --hostname <>: the server hostname.](../../options/hostname/index.html)

## README

Use **ssh-copy-id** to copy an SSH key to another server.

The `--user` and `--password` options specify the system login account
to add the SSH key to. Behind the scenes an expect script is used
to login to the remote host to copy the key.

This command is a simple wrapper around [ssh-copy-id](http://linux.die.net/man/1/ssh-copy-id).

Examples
--------

Copy the specified key file to the host, 'rundeck2':

    rerun rundeck-admin: ssh-copy-id --user rundeck --password rundeck123 \
      --keyfile $RDECK_BASE/etc/ssh/id_rsa.pub --hostname rundeck2

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m rundeck-admin -p ssh-copy-id

*Test plan sources*



## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the rundeck-admin:ssh-copy-id command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m rundeck-admin -c ssh-copy-id

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/ssh-copy-id/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = ssh-copy-id
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Copy an SSH key to another server."
* `OPTIONS` = "user password keypath hostname"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Wed Jun 26 07:21:51 PDT 2013*

