[rundeck-admin](../../index.html)
# key-upload 

Upload key data and store it in the path.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun rundeck-admin:key-upload [--file <>] --keypath <> --user <> --password <> --url <> [--format <>]

### OPTIONS

* [   [--file <>]: file to store result.](../../options/file/index.html)
* [    --keypath <>: path to key file.](../../options/keypath/index.html)
* [    --user <>: the login user name.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --password <>: the login password.](../../options/password/index.html)
* [    --url <>: rundeck server url.](../../options/url/index.html)
* [   [--format <>]: the file format.](../../options/format/index.html)

## README

Use **key-upload** to upload key data content to the specified path.


The `--file <>` option specifies the file containing the key content you wish to upload.

The `--keypath <>` option specifies the path to store the key content.

The `--format <>` option specifies if the key content is public or private.

Formats:

* public: The content can be retrieved using the **key-content** command.
* private: The content cannon be retreived and instead metadata is returned.

Examples
--------

Store the public key data stored as my.pub in the path: /alexh/keys/my.pub:

    rerun rundeck-admin:key-upload --file my.pub --keypath /alexh/keys/my.pub 

Store the private key data stored in my.pem in the path: /alexh/keys/my.pem:

    rerun rundeck-admin:key-upload --file my.pem --keypath /alexh/keys/my.pem --format private

> Note, Only key metadata can be retrieved for the private key data.

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m rundeck-admin -p key-upload

*Test plan sources*



## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the rundeck-admin:key-upload command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m rundeck-admin -c key-upload

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/key-upload/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = keys-upload
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Upload key data and store it in the path."
* `OPTIONS` = "file keypath user password url format"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Sat May 10 12:28:37 PDT 2014*

