# rundeck-admin

commands to manage your rundecks

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun [ARGS] rundeck-admin: [ apitoken-create | apitoken-list | project-create | project-export | project-import | project-list | project-replicate | ssh-copy-id ] [OPTIONS]

## README

The *rundeck-admin* commands help you manage rundeck deployments.

Use the `apitoken-*` commands to create and list API tokens.

Use the `project-*` commands to create, list, export, import and replicate
projects.


**Requirements**

* bash and a posix environment
* curl
* xmlstarlet

**Notes**

* This module should probably be renamed given its widening scope.

## COMMANDS

* [apitoken-create](commands/apitoken-create/index.html): Create an API token
* [apitoken-list](commands/apitoken-list/index.html): List the API tokens.
* [project-create](commands/project-create/index.html): create a project
* [project-export](commands/project-export/index.html): export a project
* [project-import](commands/project-import/index.html): import a project archive
* [project-list](commands/project-list/index.html): list the projects
* [project-replicate](commands/project-replicate/index.html): replicate the project(s) from one rundeck to another.
* [ssh-copy-id](commands/ssh-copy-id/index.html): Copy an SSH key to another server.

## OPTIONS

* [archive](options/archive/index.html): the archive file
* [hostname](options/hostname/index.html): the server hostname
* [keypath](options/keypath/index.html): the path to the key file.
* [password](options/password/index.html): the login password
* [project](options/project/index.html): the project name
* [to-url](options/to-url/index.html): target rundeck instance
* [url](options/url/index.html): rundeck server url
* [user](options/user/index.html): the login user name

## TESTS

* [apitoken-list-1](tests/apitoken-list-1.html)
* [project-export-1](tests/project-export-1.html)
* [replicate-1](tests/replicate-1.html)
* [ssh-copy-id-1](tests/ssh-copy-id-1.html)

## LIBRARY

* [functions.sh](lib/functions.html)

## METADATA

* `NAME` = rundeck-admin
* `DESCRIPTION` = "commands to manage your rundecks"
* `SHELL` = "bash"
* `VERSION` = 1.0.2
* `REQUIRES` = 
* `EXTERNALS` = 
* `LICENSE` = 

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Thu May 23 16:29:24 PDT 2013*
